=The Truth=
=Episode 15=
We need to hurry up. Hurry.
You guys are a bit slow.
(No-Name Diner)
Quick. Hurry up.
We've got to move fast.
- If I knew it was for dumplings,
- I'll place them right here.
I'd have hauled a truckload over.
Way too messy.
Let me do it.
That's different.
You...
You've got too much filling.
It won't seal.
It'll definitely leak.
Way too much.
Do it like this.
This is a proper dumpling.
Yours isn't great. Pretty average.
Exactly.
How could it compare to Little Qian's?
Right, Little Qian?
You're still mad at him?
When are we
ever finishing these dumplings?
Huh?
You can take a break.
We've got plenty here.
Just keep wrapping.
Just wrap until there's enough to eat.
It's the thought that counts most.
The thought?
How many have we wrapped?
Wait.
M-More than 20.
Where to?
Little Qian.
She's leaving.
A-Are you all really this cold?
Ziwu,
Ms. Hu, director
of the neighborhood office.
You remember her?
I remember.
A new young guy just started there.
He's quite well-rounded.
Want to meet him?
Don't miss this chance.
You could meet him.
How's your dad's follow-up exam going?
No results yet.
Did you get a new nanny?
Yes.
How's the adjustment period?
It's okay.
Jing.
I've got a paper deadline coming up.
My schedule's pretty tight.
Maybe next time?
But thank you anyway.
Please thank Ms. Hu for me too.
If there's a chance later.
Alright.
Quick. Take these.
Where'd you go?
Left without a word.
Come on.
I was anxious.
My clumsy hands couldn't help much.
You bought so many dumplings?
Shrimp dumplings.
Okay.
I'll accept them then.
You're welcome.
Ye Qian's friend is mine.
Okay, I'll take them inside.
I-I've got some here too.
So many?
Should be enough.
No need to wrap more.
They'll make the last batch.
Jing.
- Boil these too.
- Take them over.
Okay.
Together.
Here.
Long, thank you.
The last portion.
Great, thanks.
Enjoy.
Okay.
Take your time.
I've got it all set.
Okay.
Wait for me a sec.
How's the soup?
Any left?
All distributed.
You take Little Zhao home later.
It's on your way.
I'll return the car to Lei.
Little Qian will take you home later.
Thank you.
You brought me here today.
I know what you want.
You want me to make up with him.
Wait a second.
Since we're here today,
let's get everything out in the open.
After all these years,
I've never hidden my feelings for you.
I know how you feel about me.
There's someone in your heart.
But people have to move forward.
Friends can take things
to the next level.
I'm asking you one last time today.
Would you consider giving me a chance?
I'm sorry.
All these years,
I've only ever seen you as a friend.
You take the car back to Lei.
(Occupied; Welcome to Yunxi)
What have all these years gotten me?
If I weren't clinging to him,
he'd never come looking for me.
Didn't you say you're still young,
wanting to give it one more shot?
Now you're giving up?
Then I'd just be fooling myself.
I know he still has feelings
for Chen Yumo.
He treats me like I'm invisible.
Feelings are something you can't force.
Oscar Wilde once said,
"True love means
even after they're gone,
you can still love someone new."
You need to look at the bigger picture.
Someone better is out there for you.
Why are you crying again?
Don't cry.
It's been a long day.
Head home and rest.
Qiming,
do you really think
I should go on blind dates?
Just go meet them.
See if you click.
What if none suits me?
Then don't force it.
Social compatibility matters.
A woman shouldn't
marry beneath her status.
Go home.
(Zhang Ziwu)
Give me another one.
That one.
T-That's enough already.
Can't you just grab any outfit?
Why so much fuss
for meeting an ex-boyfriend?
Let me try that one.
Are you okay?
Bao Hei's watching.
How about this one?
Are you going all in?
They won't believe it
unless I make it real.
Do you mean Bao Hei or Ye Qian?
Same thing.
I'll take this one.
Huo is quite a character.
He lets his woman hit on another man.
He's something else.
How's the southwest?
They're getting hit hard over there.
There was
a cross-border operation recently,
right around when they contacted us.
They almost took down
Huo's entire operation.
No wonder they're rushing
to cooperate with us.
Looks like
they're showing their hand
to that young cop.
Should we give them...
Interesting.
Sure. Let's add to the fun.
Name?
Zhao Junxin.
Age?
39.
Occupation?
Caregiver.
Why did you kill?
Revenge.
For whom?
My son.
There was a conflict between your son
and Liao Guangyong, Jiang Yuzhen?
Liao Guangyong killed my son.
So I stabbed him to death.
That's an eye for an eye.
As for Jiang Yuzhen, the nanny,
I didn't plan to kill her.
She shouldn't have blocked my way.
How exactly
did Liao Guangyong kill your son?
Eight years ago,
Liao Guangyong killed my son
in a drunk driving accident.
He also ruined my leg in that crash.
Explain in detail.
Don't want to.
Watch your tone.
Confess now,
and you might still get leniency.
If you refuse to answer...
What more can you do? Take my life?
So be it.
By reviewing
the traffic department's records,
a traffic accident did occur
eight years ago
at the intersection of Xing'an Road
and Longshan Avenue in the old town.
The incident occurred at 1:00 AM.
A BMW SUV lost control
and crashed into the traffic light.
It struck a mother and her son
waiting for a taxi by the roadside.
One dead, one critically injured.
The injured one was Zhao Junxin.
How old was the child?
Three years old. Died instantly.
The investigation
found that the BMW driver, Li,
was driving under the influence.
After the incident,
he didn't flee the scene
but called the police.
He also took responsibility
fairly proactively.
He was detained on suspicion
of dangerous driving
and compensated the victims
a total of 500,000 yuan for damages.
What does this accident have to do
with Liao Guangyong?
The owner of that BMW
was Liao Guangyong.
Li was Liao Guangyong's friend.
It's said Liao Guangyong
lent him the car.
In that case,
unless the car itself was faulty,
Liao Guangyong, as the owner,
wouldn't be liable.
This case also made the local news
at the time.
Not exactly because of that,
but because Zhao Junxin claimed
that Li wasn't the one actually driving.
She said Li was paid
by the real driver to take the fall.
And she claimed
the real driver was Liao Guangyong.
Did Zhao Junxin have any evidence
to make that claim?
If she had evidence, she wouldn't
have had to make such a fuss.
Liao Guangyong was the owner
of the Yongguang Supermarket chain.
He was a local celebrity.
The traffic police took it seriously,
but they couldn't find direct evidence
supporting Zhao Junxin's story.
Zhao Junxin's memory wasn't reliable
because she was injured.
There were no cameras due to road work.
Anything from inside the car?
Airbags? Fingerprints?
And was Liao Guangyong in the car?
Look, the airbags didn't deploy.
Liao Guangyong was indeed in the car.
But it was his car,
so that doesn't prove much.
Liao Guangyong claimed
he was drunk and asleep
and knew nothing in the passenger seat.
So how was this matter settled?
Zhao Junxin's husband
gave an interview to the media.
He said Zhao Junxin
was overwhelmed by grief,
implying that she wasn't
thinking straight
and her words were dubious.
Zhao Junxin accepted Li's compensation.
I knew about the car accident.
But I never imagined
it was because of that.
When you were asked
about Liao Guangyong's relationships,
why not mention it?
I didn't think it mattered.
After all, Liao wasn't the one driving.
And the necessary investigations
were done back then.
The compensation was paid.
So many years have passed.
I genuinely never considered it.
Has Zhao Junxin had any contact
with Liao Guangyong over the years?
Not to my knowledge.
Can you contact that Li guy
who borrowed your husband's car?
He was Liao's friend.
I don't really know.
You were partners for life, right?
Liao Guangyong is dead.
You don't seem sad at all.
He's gone.
What's the use of being sad?
Besides,
he was about to start a new family
with someone else.
I just feel
a bit sorry for Jiang.
Jiang Yuzhen?
She meant well,
going to visit Liao in the hospital.
How long did Jiang Yuzhen work
as a nanny
in your family?
Over ten years.
And when she went to work for Song Ying,
it didn't bother you?
Would you believe me
if I said it didn't?
It's just that Liao
insisted she go over there,
saying he liked her cooking.
And Miss Song, daughter of a professor,
had never lifted a finger
to do housework.
She needed care.
As for me,
my son was away.
I was all alone.
Not much work needs to be done.
Regarding Jiang Yuzhen's
family situation,
how much do you know?
Her husband passed away
from illness over a decade ago.
She also had a son.
I often heard her mention him,
called Tian.
I'm not too sure what job he does.
Anyway, she lived with him.
He hasn't gotten married yet.
I didn't expect you to come.
You asked. So I'd be here.
You trust me that much?
That's never changed.
Come on.
Have some soup.
You rushed to get here.
You must not have eaten.
Do you remember this?
I remember when we were young,
you chose the same pattern for me.
But when I saw it the other day,
I felt it looked similar in some ways
yet different in others.
The old pattern was on top.
Now it's moved to the chest.
It doesn't matter.
To me, it's all the same.
Essence unchanged.
The pattern changed,
but that's because of time.
It'd be really strange
if they didn't do something.
There's surveillance.
How much have you had?
- Stop.
- I haven't...
Haven't been drinking.
Can't you see I'm eating the food?
Bring more wine.
Get me another jug.
No. No more.
Don't bring any more.
Who even are you?
What gives you the right?
You're nuts.
I'm your friend. Alright?
Have some water.
No. Get lost.
Hey, you...
Don't think that because I like you,
you can do this and that.
What 'this and that'?
Like whoever you want.
Wine! Now!
No more wine, waitress.
Check, please.
No more drinking. Really.
Be good. You really can't drink anymore.
Excuse me. How can I help you?
Bring wine!
Ignore her. Check, please.
How much?
How much is it?
Sir, your total is 2,100 yuan.
How much?
2,100.
Maybe just put it on Zhao's tab?
Put it on her tab.
Thanks.
Come on. Let's go.
They're closing.
Drank away
over half a month's salary of mine.
Oh, my.
Come on. Let's go sing.
Sing what? It's so late.
Let's go home.
No. I have to show off my singing voice.
My singing style.
You absolutely must hear my high notes.
- Stop.
- It's amazing.
I knew all along
what you people do.
The red wine, the drinks,
(and that bowl of soup tonight.)
Such fine ingredients,
ruined by adding the chemical garbage.
What a waste.
Are you a mole?
If I said I'm not, would you believe me?
If you were in my shoes,
would you believe it?
You have no reason not to.
It's not like I've never touched
the things you gave me.
I just never expected
that with so many ways to make money,
you'd choose this path. Why?
Do you believe that if I wanted to,
I could arrest you now?
Do you believe
I'll shoot you right now?
No, you won't.
What exactly do you want?
You came to me
because you know Chief Lin
of the Narcotics Bureau is my uncle.
If you want to do it in Wannan,
I'm the only one who can help you.
Do you need my help?
In the Narcotics Bureau,
there actually is a chief surnamed Lin.
But I don't know the exact relationship
between them.
Look into it.
Right away.
I'll consider your proposal.
I'll notify you when it's time.
Yumo,
whoever you are, I won't mind.
Your Chen Yumo died long ago.
The bait's been out.
Bao Hei must've received it too.
Understood.
Who is it?
Why are you here?
Can't I come to your place?
What about the dorm?
Worried I didn't go back to the dorm?
You went drinking?
Yeah.
I show up
wherever I'm needed.
I think wherever Han Zhao is,
you show up.
Have some breakfast.
Where did you go last night?
KTV.
Little Zhao fell asleep
singing in the KTV.
I couldn't wake her up.
So I figured we'd just sleep there.
You just slept there?
Did you get Han Zhao drunk on purpose?
What nonsense are you talking?
I, Si Yuanlong, swear to heaven
that I would never
exploit anyone vulnerable.
Especially not Little Zhao.
Speak up.
Why are you here?
I came because I missed you.
I freshened up a bit
and brought you food.
We'll go to work together.
Fried dough?
I've eaten.
You have 15 minutes.
Half an hour.
14 minutes.
Okay.
I divorced her long ago.
What?
What trouble did she cause now?
When did you divorce?
Five or six years ago.
The reason?
Couldn't make it work.
Let's talk about the car accident.
We lost our son.
She ran around causing trouble.
She quit her job
and abandoned her family,
including the elderly.
She acted like she was possessed.
If I hadn't stopped her back then,
she wouldn't
even have taken the compensation.
She kept demanding
explanations and the truth.
Darn truth.
Zhao Junxin is a bit obsessive, right?
That's just how her personality is.
After the accident, it got...
Anyway,
I couldn't talk any sense into her.
Originally, we planned
to have another child.
But who knew
her body couldn't handle it?
She couldn't conceive.
All because of that accident.
If only I'd known,
I should've demanded more money.
Anyway, what's done is done.
Instead of living comfortably,
she had to be obsessed.
I couldn't help her.
Have you been in contact recently?
No, we haven't spoken in ages.
Dad,
Mom says it's time to leave now.
Alright, coming right now, son.
If there's nothing else,
let's end it here for now.
I'll take my kid to tutoring class.
Okay.
Alright, bye.
The police came to his door,
but he never asked
what his ex-wife did.
Captain Leng,
do you think he knows something?
Investigate
his recent activities thoroughly.
Yes.
Is this the place, Ye?
Are you sure?
I drove Jiang Yuzhen back here
the other day.
It's here.
Geng Tianchou is really something.
His mom died.
But he didn't show up
or answer his phone.
Miao Xiaolan provided
Geng Tianchou's phone number?
We didn't find a phone
among Jiang Yuzhen's belongings.
Probably left it at home.
Then Miao said
Jiang once gave her
an emergency contact.
It's her son.
Geng Tianchou.
Police.
Officers, come on in.
This is my place.
Well,
I'm just tidying up here, see?
Move it all out.
Wang,
move all this stuff.
I've got guests.
There's not even room to stand.
Get all of this out.
Okay, right away.
Hurry. Thanks.
Thank you.
Faster.
Such a tiny place
packed with so much junk.
Officers,
t-this is all our place here.
You needed something from me?
Do you know where your mom,
Jiang Yuzhen, went?
Didn't she visit the old man
in the hospital?
After that?
She didn't contact you yesterday?
No.
You didn't contact her either?
You don't usually call your mom
or send her a text to check in?
Why call when there's nothing?
Phone bills are pricey.
Let's sit over there and talk.
Let's go inside.
Let's sit here.
It's too hot.
Come on. Let me clear this spot.
It's such a mess.
Sit here.
Please have a seat.
Let's sit and talk.
Let me get you some water.
You've worked so hard. Here.
Here.
Thanks.
No problem.
Here, officer.
No need.
Sit. Let's have a quick chat.
Do you know her?
No.
Haven't seen her?
No, I haven't. Who is it?
Do you know about your mom's employer,
Liao Guangyong, and his family?
My mom has worked for them
for quite a long time.
When I was little,
my mom was their nanny.
Even earlier, she worked
at the supermarket they ran for a while.
Back then, Yongguang only had one store.
How are things?
Alright, I guess.
After all those years.
Do you know Song Ying?
You mean the old man's mistress?
I know of her but don't know her.
How's your mom with her?
Just so-so, you know.
Heard she was quite spoiled.
Even needed my mom
to twist the cap off her water bottle.
No idea what she even had hands for.
From your mom's return
the day before yesterday
to her hospital visit yesterday,
was there anything unusual?
What could be unusual?
Just the usual stuff.
Well...
I didn't pay much attention.
Was Jiang Yuzhen at home
during that time?
Yes, probably.
Was she or wasn't she?
My mom was usually here,
sorting through her junk.
I played on my phone
in my room, door shut.
I didn't notice.
Why didn't you answer
when the police called you?
I didn't know your number.
Besides, who answers
unknown numbers these days?
What if it's a scammer?
Geng Tianchou,
we are formally notifying you.
Yesterday afternoon, a stabbing incident
occurred at Central Hospital.
Your mom, Jiang Yuzhen,
has unfortunately died.
The case is still under investigation.
We will notify you
once there are new developments.
Do you have your mom's cell phone?
She didn't give it to me.
Alright. Thank you for your cooperation.
Officers, take care on your way out.
I won't see you out.
It's alright.
What the heck?
I heard Jiang Yuzhen
doted on her son exceptionally.
Worked tirelessly to raise him.
Gave him everything he wanted.
And what happened?
Just proves
'mother's love, son's failure.'
What about this?
What is this?
It's been banned by the state for ages.
It's highly toxic.
- Let's not throw it around.
- Yes.
Then what should we do?
Let's keep it safe.
Can't just toss it.
Yes, let's wrap it up securely.
(Poison Bait)
(Fingerprint comparison
in progress. Please wait)
(Sterile Room)
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪